Good phone!	I have been using iPhones for a while and this is not their best. It is a very good phone but does feel as sturdy as the iPhone 5 or iPhone 4. The iPhone 4 and 4s are the best built phones so far.
Perfect!	The iPhone 6 is everything that was promised to Apple customers. I suggest this phone to upgraders and everyone else!
great phone	It's a great phone but a little too big for me faster then the 5 series, I'd prefer to have something smaller so I wont have to out it in my back pocket all the time
love it	love it my new iPhone!!!!!!!!!!!!,best purchase ever
Are the other iPhone	I like the Gold iPhone 6 it's cool not too big and a lot faster then the older models! No problems with the phone do far!
Apple all day	I like the Silver iPhone 6 it's pretty good not too big and a lot faster then the older models!
iPhone 6	Love the color first and for most. I have had every iPhone made in my possession by far I like this the best. Its very light weight and not to bulky. The screen is way smoother makes texting and playing games easy
Great Phone!	Great Battery life.. Battery last for more than 2 day!
The iPhone what can you say	It was an iPhone purchase purchased online and picked up at store
Better than I thought	I swore I would never buy another Apple product, but the sale and sprint plan was too good to pass up. We bought three! We are very happy with our phones!
Hey, it's an Apple	I wouldn't have purchased it if I didn't think it would live up to the high Apple standards I have come to expect. I haven't been disappointed.
awesome phone!	Awesome phone, like every other apple product, this did not disappoint!
Good phone	I bought it for my daughter and she just loves it.
Good phone	We had a few minor issues at first, but once Apple last update/ fix everything is great.
Nice color	I upgraded from an iPhone 5 to the iPhone 6. Only had it for 2 days, but so far so good. Pretty simple switch to the newest version iPhone. One problem is texting did not work. I had to contact Sprint for help. Took about 2 minutes to fix the issue. I really like the gold color. Too bad it's covered by a phone case. I'm looking for a good quality clear phone cover to resolve that issue :)
Great Phone	Great phone, looks great and lots of features, love it.
Great Phone	The larger screen size is a plus and mines is not the plus, but this phone rings louder and sounds clearer when you are speaking to someone. One of the best thing and I have use it a lot with my softball players is the slow motion video mode, is at another level.
iPhone 6	Great Picture, awesome bigger size, longer battery life ( much better than previous versions )
NICE IPHONE UPGRADE	I have always been a apple customer (wouldn't have it any other way) But this phone is GREAT! so much bigger and slimmer than the 5s. I really did not see a whole lot of difference from the 5s. But I think if you was upgrading from a 4 to a 6 then you would really see the difference. When I hold my a 5s now it feels so small and not for me, LOL... Team IPhone..!!
Great Phone as usual from Apple	I have had an i-phone ever since it was introduced. This is faster, has a better camera and meets all my needs.
as great as I expect	This phone takes it to the next level. The larger screen and streamlined profile are great, and the quality and access are as good as I expect and then some!
Happy with iphone6	I am happy with the iphone6. I love the new features and the size.
My daughter loves this phone	I purchased the new IPhone 6 for my 15 yr old daughter. She absolutely love it.
Great product	Excellent, definitely recommend to everyone, perfect size and style.
Great buy	This iPhone has given me no problems. The battery lasts long enough to getme thru the day
Luv it	Best phone I ever owned. It's my 2nd iphone and I've never had any problems with this phone
Now that's an iPhone	Two phones and the kids are content and enjoy the phone.
What More Can You Want?	This is my 2nd iphone 6 I purchased. One for myself, one for my mother on Christmas. I enjoy it (although my screen has shattered from me sitting on it getting in my truck) but thats another story. Other than that. No complaints from myself or my mother. The screen size being larger that the 4s has helped her lots and she is becoming more techo savvy everyday. Great buy in my opinion.
Great phone	Slimmer than the iphone 5s and the battery life is great.
Great phone	Slimmer than the iphone 5s and also faster and the battery last alot longer.
Love It!	Love this phone! I had the iPhone 5 and was in need of a new upgrade. This phone has a great battery life.
Great Update	Great update from 5 or 4s. Easy to use and great to hold.
Love the phone. Easy to use	Honestly every once in a while Suri is a pain, but for the most part it's OK. I do however, love the phone. I don't like that the ringer (button on side of phone) is easily turned off while carrying it in my purse or pocket. Overall I'm very pleased with the phone.
It's great!	This phone is great as usual. The featured upgrades work smoothly
IPhone 6	I bought this for my fiancé and she likes it but is not in love with it. She had the IPhone 5 and the battery life was better on that. that's really the only complain she has.
Free is good	I got this phone for free with my upgrade. It works good. Nothing special.
Compariable to other Iphones	It works just the same as the other Iphones. Nothing special.
GREAT PHONE	THIS PHONE IS AWESOME EASY TO USE GREAT BATTERY LIFE
Gifts for the family	I leased this phone for my husband and son. They absolutely love the iPhone 6.
Even husband loves it	My husband just upgraded from the 4s, which he was not too crazy about. He had issues with poor internet access and found out it was due to it not being 4g. He works in a manufacturing plant and coverage in there was not good. Once he got this 6, he is now able to enjoy the benefits of the 4g LTE capabilities and is very satisfied.
slick durable fast	Different. videos and pitures are clear. Light slimdesign. So many accessories available. Data charges are my only concern.
ohk phone	Phone works fine.son enjoys it talks all the time on it
Awesome	Awesome picture quality, also great for Skype meetings
Much Better with bigger screen	The graphics are beautiful and crystal clear.,The screen size is so much better.
great product	My daughter loves the new fingerprint feature the most. Takes great picture. The size is also a wonderful selling point.
Love the camera!	I absolutely love my new iPhone! Love the features: Siri, voice texting, double tap home button, etc. there's nothing like an iPhone.
great phone but go with the 64gb!	16gb is too small. Go for the 64gb if you can find it!
Best iphone	I love the size on this iPhone 6. It's perfect. Not too big.
Better than last year's model	Screen size is better than last year's model. Battery life is still weak little under 10 hours. Also wish all apps could be zoomed out.
The best	Anyone and everyone must have one. Best iPhone ever!!!!
Great	Great item, except it's battery. I need to charge everyday.
great phone	improvement from iphone 5. love bigger screen more than I thought i would
THE EXPERIENCE WAS GREAT	All the people at best buy, were very helpful and really new there stuff!!
Great phone	This is the best phone I have ever purchased! Apple has done it again
great phone	nice screen, nice size, fast processor. Another win by Apple.
Great phone	I purchased the iPhone for my mom and she loves it.
Great Phone	The iPhone is a good phone but personally I liked the size of the iPhone 5 better phones keep getting bigger and bigger personally I would use one of the three tablets I own if I want a bigger screen. The phone has great apps because IOS has great apps but everything is controlled by Apple such as storage which with the 15 Gb is a joke because of the size of IOS 8.
iphone 6	iphone 6 is nice size compare to the 4s. the size is great for me the picture quality looks good and I love th slim look and the gold over white very nice. Apps and everything else works good for me
Lovely	I love my iphone 6. I feel it did not come earlier.
Love this phone	asome phone!!! Perfect size and easy to handle. Love pic quality
Apple needs to work on IOS8	It's a good phone but my apps will cut off, and right now my phone will not cut on. It's like it shut down. If I wanted these problems I would have stayed with android. I like Apple but they need to fix IOS8
It has the new stuff on it.	This is my first iPhone the pictures are great and the keyboard is bigger.
Better than last year's model	Screen size is better than last year's model. Battery life is still weak little under 10 hours. Also wish all apps could be zoomed out.
The best	Anyone and everyone must have one. Best iPhone ever!!!!
Great	Great item, except it's battery. I need to charge everyday.
great phone	improvement from iphone 5. love bigger screen more than I thought i would
THE EXPERIENCE WAS GREAT	All the people at best buy, were very helpful and really new there stuff!!
Great phone	This is the best phone I have ever purchased! Apple has done it again
great phone	nice screen, nice size, fast processor. Another win by Apple.
Great phone	I purchased the iPhone for my mom and she loves it.
Iphone6	I love my iPhone 6 easy to use and very nice camera
Iphone6	I love this phone easy to use nice camera I bought
seemed slow	I went from a Galaxy S4 to this iphone only because I lost my Galaxy. This phone seemed pretty slow, right out the box with no added apps. I was told this was due to Sprint having a slow network. Even WiFi seemed to lack speed. I am not an iphone Hater, I still have a 4 that I use. It is only a little slower than the 6. I returned the phone after 5 days use. two months ago. Still have not seen a credit from Sprint. I have heard that it works great on other networks...I bought another S4.
iPhone 6 Nice Upgrade	The iPhone6 is an upgrade in style from the 4 series and 5 series. The phone is thinner and lighter which is nice when carrying around, However, The phone is longer which can be a hassle when trying to text with one hand which many have been accustomed to doing easily with previous models. The Camera is a nice upgrade and takes very clear pictures along with clear videos. I would recommend as long as you pick the right provider to accommodate good service with a nice upgraded phone.I am NOT a Tech person and had the iPhone 4s for a very long time. The iPhone 6 is a stylish phone along with a nice design that feels good in your hand and Even persuaded a Non Tech person like myself to finally upgrade.
great phone	Bought for my 15 yr old daughter from Dreams Come True. She is in love with it
Love it!!	Apple let me down with the 5c and thus far the 6 has exceeded my expectations. If I could afford it I would have apple everything.
Best iPhone yet	I upgraded my dad's iPhone for Christmas from a 4s and this is definitely the best iPhone yet. Great camera, perfect size. Im not one to upgrade every iPhone release, but from the 5 i have, ill be upgrading soon myself.
Great phone	Battery don't last but overall best phone on the market
I love my phone	My phone is my away from home laptop. It's a tool for me that helps control my everyday life!
Excellent	Very happy with the new iPhone 6. I am very impressed with the screen, somehow it doesn't show fingerprints and almost seems like it is Teflon coated.
Just what you'd hope for	Very happy with the new iPhone 6. I am very impressed with the screen, somehow it doesn't show fingerprints and almost seems like it is Teflon coated.
The crown jewel of the Apple product line!!	I really like my IPhone 6. . Much larger screen than my 4, yet fits in my back pocket! Many new features not previously afforded me. Sleek and stylish, but not too big. In a word - AWESOME!!
Great phone for pictures	This the best iPhone yet. Great camera. And the slo-mo is sick.
Best of all / camera	One of the best one, I got for my self and my daughter for Christmas and we love it. perfect size, camera, for video chat.
Iphone 6	Love the iPhone 6, purchased it for my mom so she could become more technologically savvy. Very easy for her to use, she loves it.
Lightweight & slim. Fits nicely n pockets w/o bulk	Great phone. Changed from Android to Apple. A few transition hitches but not a problem. Best buy Customer service techs were very knowledgeable.
Love this phone!	i have had many different phones, android, blackberrys, ect...this is my 3 rd iPhone and they are just great. Unless you really need some of the stuff on the android you can't beat the ease and reliability of an iPhone. Amazing camera!
Adjustment from Samsung	Seems like it will work great with a learning curve.
I still haven't learned how to use my I-phone.	I've had my new phone for more than a month. However, I still haven't learned how to use it. I understand from several friends and advisors that I can download information (such as my contacts) from MacBook Pro to the I-phone. I plan to do that as soon as it gets a little warmer. I have a feeling I will love the device once I learn how to use it.
product as expected	Bought the Iphone 6 for my daughter and she loves it! Phone is sleek and the camera quality is amazing.
Love it	Absolutely love this phone!!! The camera is awesome
great phone easy to use	Got phone for my parents even old folks can figure it out.
good phone for a teenage	My teenager loves this phone and the camera too. She has always had iphones
Great phone	Easy to use! This product takes great pictures and has great sound quality.
Love it	Love the phone and is great can't keep my hands off iy
Great phone & easy to use	I think this is a great phone. It was a Christmas gift for my son. He is really enjoying the phone. It is easy for him to use. We love the new size. The phone takes great pictures. He loves the fact that he can face time friends and family members who lives iut of town.
Great phone	Nice sleek phone with a great camera and fast sprint lte service
Greatest phone ever	Love this phone! Charges fast and holds the charge longer!
I 6 phone	Love it!!! I had the 4 S and it was so much slower.
Awesome phone	As a previous iPhone user once the iPhone 6 came out I had to get it. Never had any problems with Apple products and will continue to purchase from best buy due to their competitive prices.
Great buy!	Daughter was quite happy! For years of being Android, the iPhone 6 was definitely surprising!
Happy customer	Had to go to two different stores to get the GB I wanted. Other than that the 6 has no issues and it's the same as the 5 I had, just a bigger screen
Love this phone	The iPhone excels as a consumer product, and has allowed me much more accessibility to the world in the time I have had it.
Good iPhone upgrade	The iPhone 6 is more powerful, thinner and a larger screen. So glad I waited to upgrade my phone.
Love it!!!	I chose the white version of the new Apple iPhone 6. I have noticed the Apple 6 is in my opinion has been a great upgrade. It is more powerful, thinner and I love the larger screen! Very happy with my purchase this far.
Apple did improve in this model	My family are Apple people. We started with the 4 and upgraded to the 5s, but so far the 6 is better in so many ways. A few are: thinner, bigger screen and a new color. My son loved the Gold color. Apple usually just offered a white or black version. No negative feed back about phone at this time.
Easy to use	Easy to use. Support at Savannah Georgia Best Buy not as good as other experiences.
Bought for my Son	All I can say is that I'm jealous. He doesn't use it to its fullest potential, but he was the only one who could get a new phone at the time we were looking. Needless to say, he hasn't had any issues with it, and he's happy to have it.
Great phone	Thanks to Apple for going with a bigger screen. The picture is outstanding and very clear.
good iphone can do it all	I can get things done faster great pick up love this things works like a charm
Great cellphone/computer/camera	Love my iPhone. Right size and weight. Protective accessories available.
Best iPhone ever	Love this phone it's so slim and sleek and also very light every feature on the phone is on point I definately made the right decision to upgrade and will never leave iPhone
Great phone	This is my second iPhone and I love it.. It is easy to use and I love the size .. It is great !!
It is a great phone	Switched from Samsung Galaxy.This is a better phone. The operation is smooth.
Great battery for firsts.	Good phone such as camera, battery, service, thumb print, over the best phone iv had so far!!
Love it	Definitely recommend this phone to anyone looking at the IPhone
Great Phone	Love the phone. Not to big not to small. Love iPhones so easy to use.
Good grips	Like look and grips on phone case. Very durable. Thabks
Great	Its everything the previous versions were and more
Good style update	I was concerned about upgrading my iphone because I thought it would be too big but it has surprised me by how light it is an the screen size is better than previous versions.
great product	great product, glad I bought the product for family
Nice phone	Great phone but don't like where you change volume like has to be same for ringer and gsmes
Nice phone	It's nice phone just don't like volume issues how you can turn down
Great Phone	I was hesitant to get an iPhone because of the size. The 6 is the perfect size for me.
sirri & camera	sirri makes phone great for getting instant information and ease of sending messages and making calls. camera takes great instant pictures and vidios.
Love this!	Love this gold phone, it is really sleek and beautiful. My only issue that the bigger phone (as compared to a 5S) makes it extremely difficult to text and type with one hand.
I love this phone	I like the camara and all the apps great phone and best buy has the best price
Latest I phone.	My kid loves his new I phone. It has a lot of new features that the other at phones does not have, such as a secure way to pay in stores. Thank Apple for creating apply pay.
Simplisity	It does what you want a smart phone to do quite and easy. If you are new to smart phones this is the one for you.
love the bigger screen and the new style	The screen has a better brighter picture. The camera is also better and takes great pictures. I love this new style of iphone.
Not too impressed	I'm experiencing the same issues I've experienced with my 4S. I thought that updating the hardware would make things better but the issues have not been corrected by Apple. Not too impressed.
Awesome phone	Love my iPhone 6. Excellent phone and the battery life is much better.
Team iPhone	I Love the iPhone 6. The plus was to big for my girlie hands.
All I wanted & more!	Replaced my iPhone 4S with the iPhone 6 and it has exceeded all expectations. Faster, better reception, and the clear, super sharp screen is way better for old-guy eyes reading & watching.
Better, faster and smaller!	Apple has done it again! I really like the audio text feature. Overall longer battery life.
Apple does it again	iPhone 6 isn't just bigger — it's better in every way. Larger yet thinner. More powerful, yet power efficient. It's a new generation of iPhone.
Great Phone!	Love the improved size of the screen and thin frame.
Love it	The iPhone 6 so far is way better than my 5 I had. I love the slightly bigger size and the fingerprint id ??
Super phone no problems	nice size phone not. To big or small,functions perfectly no complaints
Awesome phone.	Great battery life, fantastic resolution.Doesn't actually have 16g though....get on it Apple.
LOVE my new phone	I love this phone. All the usual fun features of an IPhone but with a bigger screen. I didn't think I would like the big screen but I DO!
Returned it	I returned it because carrier is not good. Connectivity was not good.
Sweet	I have had other smart phones before and I'm so glad I switched to Apple 3 years ago.
super phone!	sed for a Christmas present for an 11 year old..did the job!
Better camera	Love it more than any iPhone I've ever owned and I love the updates as well
Great phone	Camera is much better but storage is like having a 8 gb instead of 16 gb storage full up quick. But overall its a great phone with minor issues.
Good phone	Good phone and if you like Apple products, it is a good purchase.
Awesome phone!!!	Impressed with the battery life. :)Easy to use....
iPhone 6	Great phone, I love the camera and processor speed.
love the phone	has a few glitches screen dose not always rotate it takes a few min.safari locks up and you have to clear history to reset.
great	I bought this phone because i needed to upgrade my old phone. This is a great phone and I love the bigger size.
Everything you should expect from an iPhone	If you are familiar with iPhones then this is a great update but in my opinion not really innovative as far as smartphones go. It is a quality product and delivers a consistent Apple IOS experience not much different from the iPhone 5 that it replaced.
Cool slim phone	Awesome camera features....slow motion recording, panoramic and special effects on pictures. Super clear and perfect size screen.
loving my new I phone6	This is my first iPhone and i absolutely love it. Its far better than android. I love the uniqueness of the apple capabilities.
Apple is the best ..just the perfect size for me	I love this apple mini 2 not to big and not to small
Great upgrade from the 5	I love the new iPhone 6 - glad I upgraded from the 5.
Favorite iPhone to date.	I upgraded from iPhone 4 and I love the size and weight of this phone as well as all the apple features.
Great phone. Easy to use	Upgraded from iPhone 4. Very pleased with size and ease of use. The iPhone 6 is very lightweight. Best Buy employee was so helpful and patient.
Phenomenal!	Everything about this phone is great. The camera is great. I recommend it to anyone. I previously had a Samsung and loved it but this has not been a crazy jump and I feel like it is everything that I have come to love about Apple products.
Very sleek and stylish. Great features.	I was amazed at the quality of the photos it takes and the display. The dictation feature and suggested words when typing are better than my previous Android phone. This phone looks so cool that I had to get a clear case!
great camera, great size, long lasting battery	The battery last longer than the other iphones, dreat definition
best Christmas gift ever!	We bought this phone for my dad. Although he loved his Android, all of the grandchildren are iphone addicts. This phone allows him to Face Time with them, since they are all over the state.
Apple is the best	I move between android and apple for the second time. I am happy to be back with an iPhone.
Best IPhone yet	Great phone but service at bestbuy mobile is sad and horrible. The people that work olselling the phones and the plans do not know what they are selling.
I love my iPhone 6	I am greatful that best buy makes ordering online so convenient and simple. I ordered my phone on a Friday morning and it was at the store for pick up that same Friday evening.
Love my new phone!	I love all the features of this phone and the larger size (I had the 4s).
iPhone 6	I love this phone! I traded in my iPhone 5 for the iPhone 6 and am so happy I did! The battery life is a lot better and so is the camera with the iPhone 6 compared to the iPhone 5. It's a lot more light weight even though it's longer than the iPhone 5 as well. Upgrade! You won't be sorry you did!
Great phone	I love my new iPhone 6! I had a Galaxy before this and I will never go back to them!
Works great	Sprint isn't the best service provider but at least with this phone I can now get LTE occasionally.
Disappointed	as soon as I bought this phone ....had no network, LITE wasn't working at all, I guess has to do with Sprint. I returned it and kept my iPhone 5c , this is the best cell even with sprint. Sprint did something wrong with iphone 6.... So disappointed!!
love the camera and voice texting	love the phone, they lied about the cost with sprint. charge way more than I was told.
I love the new style	I love the new style. Very light. The only complaint it heats up quickly.
I love the new style	The phone is very light. But the only complaint is phone heats up quickly.
iphone 6	this is my wife's and she loves it, dhe uses facetime with family, it is faster and the bigger display is amazing
iphone 6	it is a graet product, it is faster than previous devices, i like the bigger screen ant most of the time i only use it with one hand.
Keep iphone 5 until the 7 comes out	This phone drop service signal constantly. I replaced it twice in 14 days of first purchase. The screen freeze a lot to where I have to power it off at least 6 times a day. The only good thing is the battery power duration is good. The front facing camera quality is poor.
Great features	This I phone is awesome the camera takes great pics and the bigger screen is just what I needed
Best smartphone out	Anyone who says they hate this phone... Has never used it. The ease of use is sky high and integration with continuity and handoff is very impressive as well.
Great	great phone all around. Great camera quality and great sound when listening to music
Awesome	Great phone and the ease of purchasing. Love it!!!
Love the phone!	I love my iPhone 6, a few bugs I'm hoping Apple will work on but overall great phone!
great, powerful phone	This is pretty much Apple's first legit answer to Android hardware. Will not be disappointed
Storage	I was sold a phone that is suppose to be 16 gb according to this its a 12 gb and I have no storage space
Easy to use	Awesome phone. Easy to use, user friendly. Still fits in back pocket
Great Phone	This is my first iPhone. I switched from a Samsung Galaxy S3, so I was used to the size of the phone. Many people told me I would hate switching from Samsung to iPhone, but so far I have no regrets. I use the phone for viewing videos, playing games, texting, making calls, and playing music. I don't miss any of the features on the Samsung phone, and I love that this syncs with my iPad.
Great all around	I love my iphone 6. I was with android before and the switch over was super easy and I'm enjoying my new device.
Thin and great size	Thin, big enough screen but not too big of a phone. For being a 1st iPhone (always had Androids), I am very happy so far.
iPhone 6 Meets Expectations	So far so good with my iPhone 6. I didn't think I needed an iPhone 6 and had decided to get a 5S. My Best Buy rep gave good reasons for spending a little extra and getting the 6. I'm glad I did as the size of the 6 alone makes it worth it. It's so much easier to talk and text on, and I like the new features like the recent contacts as well as the ability to delete messages much more easily.
very nice	I would recommend a friend, and will buy the same kind of iPhone for my younger brother who need a new phone.
Great phone	Great phone easy to use. I would suggest getting a case before you leave the store.
Great Phone for Beginners and Advance	Very good works great really enjoy my iphone6 would definatly recommended
The six is best	My daughter really loves this phone. All features are very useful and the size and shape are now perfect.
It's an apple that's why it gets 5 stars	The iPhone 6 is great. I love the size of the screen and all of the new features were thought out from start to finish. It doesn't seem like any function on this phone was half thought out. I've gone from a 4s to a 5s and now a 6 and this phone hands down is a real reason to upgrade.
Best gift	The iPhone 6 is a great device and the upgrade made it affordable. It is my daughter's favorite Christmas gift.
Love it!	I had a 4, so this is so much better. Love the camera!
awesome phone	this phone is the best I ever have . camera is awesome
not happy	Salesperson did not let us know about the extra monthly charge from Sprint to use this phone.
I have a Galaxy S5 and my wife has an iPhone 6.	I'm gonna start this review by saying that I'm a Samsung Galaxy lover since the Galaxy S3. My wife has been an iPhone owner since the iPhone 4. However I setup and manage every piece of tech she owns.
Great!	I can't complain about my phone. It's great and I love it!
great upgrade	this is my second iphone coming from the 4s, this is a great upgrade and super easy to transfer all my information from my old phone to this one. i really love the bigger screen and is the same OS as my old phone, just a bit more updated. everything is simple and easy.
Great phone	I am in love with my new iPhone 6. Very easy to use and it syns with my other Apple products!
Nice chane to iPhone 6	Love Apple products and the iPhone 6 is a nice change. Great size and great features.
great phone	Great insurance plans and good customer service just a great support!
Great upgrade	I upgraded from an iPhone 5. Love the bigger screen and fingerprint sensor. Apple Pay is awesome.
Love	The screen is wonderful the service was great and I still can fit it in my bra when I don't have a open pocket very convenient:-)
way better than 5c	My 5c developed the swelling battery problem. Drove to the Apple store over 100 miles away and got it fixed. Traded the 5c in on this one. This o e is much better so far.
Excellent Phone	I got this for my husband for a Christmas gift to upgrade him from the Iphone 5. He loves it! I am not an Apple fan but I love it as well. It may be my next purchase. Best Buy was easier to deal with than the actual Sprint store. I will not return to Sprint to purchase another phone. Thanks and Kudos Best Buy!
Bigger is better	Loving the size of the screen with all of the normal iPhone function. It has a lighter weight and a nice flat design. My only con is that the flip screen keeps getting stuck
Awesome Phone	Went from a iPhone 4c to the 6, best decision in a long time! It's faster and the battery life is more than enough!
Great iphone	Large screen is the best. Better than iphone 6 plus
IPHONE 6	Great phone. Love how slim this phone is but has all the options still. Camera is great. Love the options.
good phone for everyone	This is really a well designed phone. from work to play this phone has something for all. the apps run smooth and there is no trouble with texting or calling, and I live in the middle of a corn field with very little reception. the 4G LTE is very nice and the display is like no other and the phone itself is very easy to use.
Great phone for anyone!	This iPhone has become the most reliable phone that I've ever had. It's only 16 GB, but it holds the tons of pictures that I take and over twenty apps that I have. It's easy to use and has a great camera. This is my first iPhone and it's safe to say that I will continue to buy iPhones for future phone purchases.
Fantastic addition to the iPhone family!	Lightweight and strong (no bending here!) The iPhone 6 is a perfect step up from any previous iPhone... I traded in my 4S for the 6 and it was a great move! The bigger screen is much clearer and the phone feels good in my hands.... It compliments my iPad mini and allows me to move easily between the two devices without any hassle or downtime.
Nice product	The phone just like all the others is very easy to use.
great new phone	I love it. I am a true iPhone user and the 6 is the best
Best Phone on the Market	I have had my share of phones from Blackberry, to Windows Mobile, to Android and even Linux.
Great phone	Great phone!!!!_______ Easy to use_______ You can't go wrong with apple_______
Small, sleek with fantastic camera	I have had an iPhone 4,5 and now 6 and I LOVE it. The iOS 8 software looks great with the bigger screen and its waaaaay faster. I would not recommend buying the phone without a case because of how easy it is to break it. But I love it.
works like it should	Took a while to get used to the size of it compared to iphone 4s. has some type of software problem when trying to text in landscape mode. doesn't occur every time, but often enough to be frustrating.
